What's the matter, Mr. Su?
I still want to stay with each other
I just wanted to ask you
Can I punch you in the face today?
Three years of Handong
Can you stop talking so much?
Want to go?
OK
Save you a little blood
The layout of this place without your blood
It will take at least three months to recover
You probably don't want to cause more trouble, do you?
This is for you
It's not necessarily good who laughs in the end
Be arrogant
Someone will cry then
Leaves
What do you want him to learn?
Do you want him to learn?
Can't the construction site be completed in these three months?
A little bit exaggerated
But if not, it would be more troublesome
Su Shang, could it be that he really wants to harm us?
Of course, yeah.
I can't spare him
Mr. Jin, I advise you
Don't act rashly
Why don't you think he's a poor boy?
Reach out
There are also many elves who are proficient in martial arts
But there shouldn't be more than three who can beat him